Consolidated C# operators overviews (#13933)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/index.md

- *Right-associative* operators are evaluated in order from right to left. The assignment operators, the null-coalescing operator `??`, and the [conditional operator `?:`](conditional-operator.md) are right-associative. For example, `x = y = z` is evaluated as `x = (y = z)`.

Use parentheses to change the order of evaluation imposed by operator associativity:

```csharp-interactive
int a = 13 / 5 / 2;
int b = 13 / (5 / 2);
Console.WriteLine($"a = {a}, b = {b}");  // output: a = 1, b = 6
```

## Operand evaluation

Unrelated to operator precedence and associativity, operands in an expression are evaluated from left to right. The following examples demonstrate the order in which operators and operands are evaluated:

| Expression | Order of evaluation |
| ---------- | ------------------- |
|`a + b`|a, b, +|
|`a + b * c`|a, b, c, *, +|
|`a / b + c * d`|a, b, /, c, d, *, +|
|`a / (b + c) * d`|a, b, c, +, /, d, *|

> Typically, all operator operands are evaluated. The operators that can skip evaluation of some of its operands are the conditional logical [AND (`&&`)](boolean-logical-operators.md#conditional-logical-and-operator-) and [OR (`||`)](boolean-logical-operators.md#conditional-logical-or-operator-) operators, the [null-coalescing operator `??`](null-coalescing-operator.md), the [null-conditional operators `?.` and `?[]`](member-access-operators.md#null-conditional-operators--and-), and the [conditional operator `?:`](conditional-operator.md).

Reviewer: I think a very brief explanation about why these operators conditionally evaluate the right operand would be useful. Something like this:

```suggestion
Typically, all operator operands are evaluated. Some operators evaluate operands conditionally, where later operands are only evaluated when the first operand satisfies some condition. These operators are the conditional logical [AND (`&&`)](boolean-logical-operators.md#conditional-logical-and-operator-) and [OR (`||`)](boolean-logical-operators.md#conditional-logical-or-operator-) operators, the [null-coalescing operator `??`](null-coalescing-operator.md), the [null-conditional operators `?.` and `?[]`](member-access-operators.md#null-conditional-operators--and-), and the [conditional operator `?:`](conditional-operator.md). See the description of each operator for more details.
```

Author: @BillWagner I agree with you: conditional evaluation is what those operators share, so worth a mention. I've used alternative wording. Please take a look at the latest commit.

Reviewer: I like that wording. It describes why the behavior is different and does it very well.
